skycap so DFW and other airports
nationwide have filed a federal
class-action lawsuit against American
and United Airlines they claimed the
Seas the customers pay to check their
bags at a curbside has drastically
reduced their tips txa 21 Jack think the
exclusive story the new lawsuits come
after nine American Airlines skycaps 13
hundred twenty-five thousand dollars in
lost tips we spoke with one of the
plaintiff skycaps here at DFW Airport he
doesn't want to be identified for fear
he lose his job who United to be taking
money out of our pockets like this he
has been a skycap for 19 years and ever
since a couple of years ago when
american and united airlines began
charging two dollars per bag to check in
a curbside he says he's watched his tips
dry up he was doing the summertime a
busy week went okay be by a hundred
dollars a day will be five hundred
dollars a week now we're doing about 125
a week even though the airline's raised
their wages from two dollars and
thirteen cents to five dollars 15 cents
per hour he says they're still making
far less money and a federal
class-action lawsuit the skycaps filed
against american and united airlines
they seek millions of dollars in lost
tips passengers intended to give this
money to the skycaps and there is a
limit to what corporations can do to try
to boost their bottom line they can't
take other people's money the problem
she says as many passengers don't
realize the curbside check-in fees go to
the airline's top because I feel from
the baggage handlers because they're
obviously working very hard for the
money an American airline spokesman says
they haven't seen the newly filed
class-action lawsuit but they point out
the signs posted a check-in show the tip
is not included with the fee united has
not returned our call for comment as for
the skycaps they worry what will happen
next month when united and other
airlines will start charging $25 to
check in a second bag what do we want to
move
too after this we're not going to to a
judge denied a previous attempt to make
this case a class-action lawsuit but the
skycaps attorney says after they
appealed the judge has agreed to
reconsider at dfw airport jack thing txa
21 news